.nh
.TH sm 8

.SH NAME
.PP
sm \- AWS Secrets Manager CLI Tool


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
sm


.SH COMMAND TREE
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
get, view
\[la]#get-view\[ra]
.IP \(bu 2
edit, e
\[la]#edit-e\[ra]
.IP \(bu 2
create, c
\[la]#create-c\[ra]
.IP \(bu 2
put
\[la]#put\[ra]
.IP \(bu 2
delete, del
\[la]#delete-del\[ra]
.IP \(bu 2
list
\[la]#list\[ra]
.IP \(bu 2
describe
\[la]#describe\[ra]

.RE

.PP
\fBUsage\fP:

.PP
.RS

.nf
sm [GLOBAL OPTIONS] command [COMMAND OPTIONS] [ARGUMENTS...]

.fi
.RE


.SH COMMANDS
.SH get, view
.PP
select from list or pass in specific secret

.PP
\fB\-\-binary, \-b\fP: get the SecretBinary value

.PP
\fB\-\-secret\-id, \-s\fP="": Specific Secret to view, will bypass select/search

.SH edit, e
.PP
interactive edit of a secret String Value

.PP
\fB\-\-binary, \-b\fP: get the SecretBinary value

.PP
\fB\-\-secret\-id, \-s\fP="": Specific Secret to edit, will bypass select/search

.SH create, c
.PP
create new secret in Secrets Manager

.PP
\fB\-\-binary, \-b\fP: get the SecretBinary value

.PP
\fB\-\-description, \-d\fP="": Additional description text.

.PP
\fB\-\-interactive, \-i\fP: Open interactive editor to create secret value. If no 'value' is provided, an editor will be opened by default.

.PP
\fB\-\-secret\-id, \-s\fP="": Secret name

.PP
\fB\-\-tags, \-t\fP="": key=value tags (CSV list)

.PP
\fB\-\-value, \-v\fP="": Secret Value. Will store as a string, unless binary flag is set.

.SH put
.PP
non\-interactive update to a specific secret

.PP
.RS

.nf
Stores a new encrypted secret value in the specified secret. To do this, the 
operation creates a new version and attaches it to the secret. The version 
can contain a new SecretString value or a new SecretBinary value.

This will put the value to AWSCURRENT and retain one previous version 
with AWSPREVIOUS.

.fi
.RE

.PP
\fB\-\-binary, \-b\fP: get the SecretBinary value

.PP
\fB\-\-interactive, \-i\fP: Override and open interactive editor to verify and modify the new secret value.

.PP
\fB\-\-secret\-id, \-s\fP="": Secret name

.PP
\fB\-\-value, \-v\fP="": Secret Value. Will store as a string, unless binary flag is set.

.SH delete, del
.PP
delete a specific secret

.PP
\fB\-\-force, \-f\fP: Bypass recovery window (30 days) and immediately delete Secret.

.PP
\fB\-\-secret\-id, \-s\fP="": Specific Secret to delete

.SH list
.PP
display table of all secrets with meta data

.SH describe
.PP
print description of secret to \fB\fCSTDOUT\fR

.PP
\fB\-\-secret\-id, \-s\fP="": Specific Secret to describe, will bypass select/search

